MON Scoring eSports for Engineers v. 4.0

Save your Bridge games as .pbn files to the MON/afterGameReport
directory.  Copy these .pbn files, along with screenshot .png files
showing your games and analysis to the MON/afterGameReport directory,
calculate your score as described below, and then enter your score
using launcher.py

RANK (see “calculatingScore.txt” in the main directory)

Bronze:

Run ./wBridge4.sh Set level to 5.

Play 4 hands of duplicate bridge.  (Don't select "Dup" to start play
in the closed room until the Dummmy hand has been laid out ; this will
cause the 4 AI players to start play using the same bid).

Play these 4 hands in a single wBridge5 session; your total
International Match Points (IMP) score for the 4 hands will be
displayed at lower left.

score=(IMP+18)/20*.5, if score>.5 then set score=.5, if score<0 then
set score=0 If you viewed all the hidden cards during play, multiply
score by 0.8 Independent of whether you viewed hidden cards, if you
chose to be dealt strong cards in Options/Deals, multiply score by 0.8

There is no penalty for displaying info (on lower right in
./wBridge5sh).

Silver:

Play 4 hands of duplicate bridge, this time allowing for a different
bid in the closed room by selecting “Dup” before the bidding phase.
Now you are being scored on the bidding as well as the card play.
Viewing hidden cards or specifying strong cards in Options/Deals is
not permitted at the silver level.  Adjusting your partner’s bidding
in Options/Bidding is allowed.  Determine score from net IMP as in the
Bronze level, except with “.5” replaced by ".75" wherever it appears
in the score formula, i.e. score=(IMP+18)/20*.75, if score>.75 then
set score=.75, if score<0 then set score=0


Gold:

Duplicate bridge as in Silver, but using the three different bidding
systems in the Options/Bidding menu, and with the scoring formula
below.  Play four hands with the wBridge5 system, four with the Sef
system and four with the Sayc system.  Score = average of IMP for all
12 boards, if score>1 then set score=1, if score<0 then score=0.


PROJECT SCORE

1 point for reading Bayone, “A Taste of Bridge”, Master Point Press
(2017) and all documentation in the MON directory

2 points for writing a bcalc Lua script which generates randomized
deals that are hard to bid with standard bidding conventions.
Practice playing these deals using less common bidding conventions.

3 point for calculating all the hands in “A Taste of Bridge” and
listing all cases in with the author’s recommendation would have
failed if the distribution of hidden cards was different than it
turned out to be in his example

Non-free Alternatives

Q-plus bridge, a full-featured commercial software product that will
run on linux under wine, can be substituted for wBridge5.  (wBridge5
tied with Q-plus bridge in the 2019 computer bridge world
championship.)



