THU Scoring

eSports for Engineers v. 4.0

Note: To avoid graphics glitches with the THU sims, pay careful
attention to graphics settings.  Use a dual monitor setup, with each
monitor set to maximum resolution.  In Battle of Britain PC Config,
set both 3D Resolution and Campaign Resolution to 1280x1024.  When
viewing a recon photo, toggle the keyboard "1" key to rotate the view
and press the "0" key to return to the campaign screen.  Use the
winehq-staging version of wine, which as of this writing is wine-6.0
(Staging).  If you follow all these guidelines, you should be able to
experience these classic sims with good quality graphics. To
appreciate the graphics, try flying in padlocked target to player view
(CTRL F6 in Mig Alley, CTRL i in Battle of Britain), or try Battle of
Britain's roving cam view (ALT v).

In order to enter your score for the THU flight sims, you must record
your flights.

To do this in Mig Alley, set PREFERENCES/View/Gun Camera to "ON" prior
to the flight, then after exiting the 3D view select replay, type a
name for the replay file, and type "Save".  A red indicator light at
the center of the cockpit is lit when the flight is being recorded.
Pressing the "V" key in the 3D view toggles the gun camera (and the
red light) on and off.  Toggle recording off for the uneventful parts
of the flight.

All video segments from a single flight are stored in a single .cam
file.

Note that when viewing a replay you may use a number key to select a
replay control if the mouse isn't working for this purpose.  The
number "1" activates the first control on the left, "2" the second
from left, and so forth.

The flight recording process is similar in Battle of Britain.  Prior
to flight set the Gun Camera to "ON" in SIM CONFIG/View.  The "C" key
toggles recording on and off.

After you've completed a task, copy the recording to the
THU/afterGameReport directory.  You can find the .cam replay file in
stored in THU/MigAlley/WP/drive_c/rowan/mig/Videos or
THU/BattleOfBritain/WP/drive_c/Program Files (x86)/Rowan
Software/Battle Of Britain/VIDEOS.  You can also add other supporting
documents, such as game screenshot png files and your own comments in
a text file, to the afterGameReport directory.

RANK

Bronze:

For the bronze task, which is a dogfight, you can fly either a Korean
War Jet in Mig Alley or a WWII aircraft in Battle of Britain.

If you choose the jet dogfight, run ./migAlley.sh and choose Single
Player/Quick Mission/One on One.  Set flight to Red.  You will be
flying the MiG 15 against a Saber.  For the MiG, gunsight should be
set to manual for best realism; use the “T” and “Y” keys to set the
aiming circle diameter to the apparent wingspan. All settings in
Preferences, for example autopilot skill, realism etc. should be set
to the maximum value.

If you choose WWII planes, run ./battleOfBritain.sh, set Sim
Config/Flight Options to Maximum.  As always, all configuration
setting should be set for maximum realism.  Choose Quick
Shots/Dogfighting/One on One.  You will be flying a Spitfire against a
ME 109 E4.

Where r is the skill level of the the highest level AI pilot you
defeated in a dogfight (hero=5, ace=4, veteran=3, regular=2, poor=1,
novice=0)

score= {1-(5-r)/5}*.5

Silver:

The Silver and Gold tasks involve the Battle of Britain campaign.

Your score is .75 if you win any of the 4 RAF mini-campaigns or any of
the 4 Luftwaffe min-campaigns, otherwise 0.  This is self-graded - you
decide whether you won or not, but explain your decision in a text
file placed in THU/afterGameReport along with supporting game output
files and screenshots.

Gold:

score=1 the entire Battle of Britain (playing either the Great Britain
or the German side), 0 otherwise.  Save files supporting any claims to
victory to THU/afterGameReport as with the Silver task.

PROJECT SCORE

5 points for learning to take off, land and read the cockpit
instruments of the 5 flightgear aircraft in the THU directory.  To fly
these aircraft using the open source flightgear program, run the
following scripts:

BattleOfBritain/basicFlightTraining.sh

BattleOfBritain/training_me109.sh, also
BattleOfBritain/training_me109_startInAir.sh

BattleOfBritain/training_spitfire.sh

MigAlley/training_F86.sh, also MigAlley/training_F86_startInAir.sh

MigAlley/training_MiG15.sh

1 point for taking off, flying a pattern and landing using only the
trim controls, never the main elevator/aileron/rudder controls, for
the Battle of Britain ME 109, the Battle of Britain Spitfire and the
Mig Alley Mig 15.  This is useful because mastering the trim controls
is very important for success in all the eSports for Engineers flight
sims.

1 point for reading all the documentation in the THU directory and
reviewing the replay files, (as a workaround use the number keys
rather than clicking on the review film icons per the documentation,
e.g. press “4” to play a replay and 0 to exit.)  Use F1 and F6 to view
the relative position of the planes during replay.

1 point for reading chapters 1 and 2 of Shaw’s “Fighter Combat:
Tactics and Maneuvering”, Naval Institute Press, 1985.

1 point for skimming the rest of Shaw’s book “Fighter Combat”

1 point for flying all the missions in the Quick Mission directory,
flying the MiG 15 (and adjusting the manual gunsight) whenever
possible, and also flying all 4 of the UN flyable aircraft

