SAT Scoring

eSports for Engineers v. 4.0

As with the other games, be sure to record your flights and copy the
resulting .vhs files to the SAT/afterGamereport directory.  Press the
"F" key to toggle the recording on and off.  Use the
./getBriefingDebriefing.sh command to copy Briefing.txt and
debrief.txt into the SAT directory.  Copy these files also into
SAT/afterGameReport, along with any relevant screenshots from Tacview
and notes.  If using one of the more advanced Benchmark Sims (BMS)
versions of Falcon 4 (see below), you can also put screenshots from
Weapon Delivery Planner (WDP) in the SAT/afterGamereport directory.

You can complete the SAT tasks with Free Falcon or with a more
advanced version of the Falcon 4 code, see below for details on how to
install a more advanced version on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.

RANK

Bronze:

score is the sum of the following

.1 point each for successfully accomplishing these tasks, with score
capped at 0.5:

a. ILS instrument landing

b. guns-only dogfight win

c. IR missile dogfight win

d. radar missile dogfight win

e. CCIP bombing

f. CCRP bombing

g. maverick

h. HARM

i. laser guided bombing

j.use IFF (see pdf in SAT/DOC for instructions)

k. instant action mission in the last week where you accomplish at
least 7 of the 9 tasks above take off, fly a traffic pattern and land
using only trim controls, (that is to say without using joystick
inputs or otherwise moving the elevator, aileron or rudder)

Silver:

The realistic campaigns are:

In Free Falcon: the three Israeli theater campaigns (Six Day War –
1967, Yom Kippur – 1973, Shlom Hagalil – 1982) and operation allied
force in the Balkans theater

In addition the more advanced BMS versions of Falcon 4 provide these
additional realistic campaigns: Kuwait, Vietnam and Somalia.  See
SAT/AdvancedFalcon4.pdf for details.

Score is based on your mission rating as shown in the logbook.

score = rating on mission flown/5, averaged over the last 5 missions
flown, with score capped at 0.75

Gold:

Where w is the number of campaigns won, out of any of the campaigns
listed above (playing either side),

score = w/2, if score>1 then score =1

PROJECT SCORE

3 points for learning how to take off, land and use the weapons
systems in the flightgear f16.  To fly this aircraft run the script
./training_F16.sh

1 point for learning to take off, land and use the cockpit instruments
of the MiG21.  To fly this aircraft, run the script:
./training_MiG21.sh

2 points for trying out and understanding all the FF6 keyboard
commands in Falcon4KeyboardCommands.pdf

2 points for skimming all documentation

1 point for flying 5 different airplanes in successful campaign
missions

1 point for watching BMS 4.32 – Install to Combat Ready in 1 Hour on
Youtube at URL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uU3pmXvnc0k To save
time and protect hearing turn off sound and use close caption text at
2x speed.  (Note that BMS 4.32 is a more advanced version of the FF6
software – see below).

1 point for becoming more familiar with FF6 keyboard commands by doing
ramp start entirely using the Function key commands listed in
INSTALL/US Page 1 FF5.pdf

Non-free Alternatives

Three more advanced versions of the Falcon 4 code are available on
Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.  These Benchmark Sims (BMS) versions contains more
mature versions of the same codebase as Free Falcon, run on linux, and
are excellent alternatives to Free Falcon.  Note that BMS 4 has a
dependency on the original Falcon 4 game, which must be purchased to
run BMS 4. The original Falcon 4 is available from gog.com (buy the
Falcon Collection).  For more information see SAT/UpgradingFalcon.pdf

Download the free BMS 4 add-ons at these links (sha256sum checksums
are provided for security):

BMS 4.32: runs fast on old computers, Balkans and Kuwait historical
campaigns, very stable

cfe99d9c93176dfd19ad43552d8aac47efad594703dd45d3cd18adb56f7bb5d1
BMS432.tar.gz
https://www.mediafire.com/file/zoliz8bgpbcbtpl/BMS432.tar.gz/file

BMS 4.33: more detailed simulation of aircraft systems, Balkans,
Vietnam and Somalia historical campaigns

e86a79baedf62db2c07e80b181ee012680bc658c921e98e06327f085b42c30c0
BMS433.tar.gz
https://www.mediafire.com/file/uiv9e3ng2wftyns/BMS433.tar.gz/file

BMS 4.35: state-of-the-art combat flight sim, improved AI, more
advanced graphics, slightly slower frame rates than the other two.
Includes historical Balkans and Israel campaigns.  More realistic, and
therefore more complex.  One of the best flight simulators currently
available.

078dc1e99b032818d17fc4a894e35866ec9ce5f51892b4832d2dba360f49c8fe
BMS435.tar.gz
https://www.mediafire.com/file/692xegajcfxjcmx/BMS435.tar.gz/file

If you choose , you can perform one of the tasks above using one of
the BMS versions listed above.  Download one, or download all three
and decide which you like best.  Put downloaded BMS versions in the
SAT directory.

