FRI Scoring 
eSports for Engineers v. 4.0

In order to enter your score you'll need to save your .sfg file. If playing
against KaTrain, saved game files are in
FRI/WP/drive_c/KaTrain/sgfout.  Screenshot .png files showing
./goreviewpartner.sh ./sabaki.sh or ./q5go.sh analysis are also
useful, along with .rsfg.csv files produced by ./goreviewpartners.sh.
Copy the relevant files to the FRI/afterGameReport directory before
entering your score in launcher.py.

RANK

Bronze:

Run ./KaTrain.sh.  If you are a beginner, use a small board size such
as 9x9 and a weakened version of KataGo, such as Blinded Policy.
Choose Teaching Game.  Remember to save your game and copy the .sfg
file from FRI/WP/drive_c/KaTrain/sgfout to FRI/afterGameReport.

Let u be the number of times KaTrain teaching game undid your move and
s be the number of points on the side of the Go board (s=7 for a 7x7
board).

score = {1 – u/(s*2)}*.5, with score capped at 0.5, if score <0 then
score =0

Silver:

In Sabaki, turn on Engine/analysis before your first move.  Let the
highest value that appears at any point on the board be m.  If using a
9x9 board, no handicap stones and 0 komi, that value is roughly 96%.
If using a 19x19 board with no handicap stones and 6.5 komi, the
maximum is about 51%.  Your score is zero unless you win, so use as
small a board, and as many handicap stones as you need to win.  Engine
analysis (heat map) must be turned off during the game.  After you’ve
won a game, use that initial highest value to determine your score per
this formula.

score = 1-(m-50)/50, if score>.75 then score=.75, if score<0 then
score=0

If you are using the default 6block network, multiply your score by
0.8 (There is no penalty if using the larger 15block.bin.gz network
with KataGo)

Gold:

score = 1-(m-50)/50, if score<0 then score=0.  Same as Silver, but use
the 19x19 board with 6.5 komi and give KataGo a time limit of not less
than 1 minute per move.  Also let KataGo calculate during your
turn.  Use as many handicap stones as needed to win.


PROJECT SCORE

1 point for viewing the q5go “Learn Go” tutorial and using the “Open
in Editor…” function to play from the more difficult tutorial
positions against a q5go engine.

1 point for reading Janice Kim’s “Learn to Play Go, A Master’s Guide
to the Ultimate Game”, (Good Move Press, 2004) and working through the
examples with KataGo

2 points for reading Cho Chikun’s “Go, A Complete Introduction to the
Game”, (Kiseido Publishing, 1997) and working through the examples
with KaTrain

1 point for getting a perfect score on the easy problems in easy.sgf
in ./drago.sh

1 point for solving all the problems in ./drago.sh

1 point for analyzing your games with ./goreviewpartner.sh and
printing out a pdf of each analyzed game with ./drago.sh By keeping a
record this way, you can keep track of your improvement.  Include
./goreviewpartner.sh .rsfg files in FRI/afterGameReport.


